Add security policy. (#690)
opendcs/opendcs: SECURITY.md

# Security Policy

## Supported Versions

The following versions are supported.

| Version  | Supported          |
| -------  | ------------------ |
| 7.0.12   | :white_check_mark: |
| > 6.8.14 | :white_check_mark: |

8.0 is in development and if you are attempting to use that we welcome reports but responses will likely be delayed.

## Reporting a Vulnerability

> To report a vulnerability please browses to the issues, click New Issues, and select Report a Vulnerability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To report a vulnerability please go to [issues](https://github.com/opendcs/opendcs/issues), click New Issues, and select Report a Vulnerability.
```

> Provided as much delete as you are willing so we can get started on fixing any issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provide as much delete as you are willing so we can get started on fixing any issues.
```

> Provide as much delete as you are willing so we can get started on fixing any issues.

Reviewer 2: typo `delete` -> `detail`

## Regarding Static Analysis tools

> The OpenDCS project, and it's sibling projects, use a combination of SonarCloud, Spotbugs, PMD, and checkstyle to 

Reviewer 2: can add Dependabot to analysis tools
